Cooking oil over fire is too cheap for him
Let the people from Punishment Hall come over
I'm going to make his life worse than death
Ahhh, help!
Help, Yunyan is waiting for me
Be sure to wait for me ah ah ah
What's the matter, Miss Liu?
Ah! Please! Please help me
I'm already pregnant.
I can't do this surgery
I am also a good life
I'm dead to nothing
Please save my child, Miss Liu
I'm just a nurse
Ren Wenyan is clear
Again
Now the Chen family has taken control of the hospital
Up and down
They are all from the Chen family
I know you are a good person.
You were the one who took care of me when I first came to the hospital
Please help me
Ji Yanyan
What are you doing?
Why don't you get anesthesia?
Dean
Isn't it bad for us to do this?
Miss Liu is so pitiful
Poor fart
What is he?
He's just a vessel.
But he is pregnant
Mingwan is not working
How could there be someone like you in our hospital?
Get out of here!
I'll clean you up later.
Miss Liu
Don't blame me.
Blame it on your bad life
Mrs. Chen is still waiting for your kidney to save her life
If you hit, you will be quiet.
Ah!
Hahaha